Concrete model todo:
   - Validation: Confusion matrix to see where the true and false predictions
     are
   - 1D CNN
   - Normalization of the spectrograms
   - Binning and averaging over the frequency dimension

Tommy: Read up on spectrograms and representation learning

Data from other microphones to reduce overfitting.
  - Asking for a recording from different years to get a diverse set of data.
  - Overall, as long as the microphone is ok, position will matter the most

Normalizing data: 
  - Research ways to normalize data
  - Min max normalize
  - Stay out of log scale.
  - Truncate the range of frequencies that can be used as input.

Dynamic mode composition?

Filtering: Use a high-pass filter to remove low-frequency noise.

Reducing the dimensionality of the data - we don't really need a whole column.
We could use the 'frequency density' of a given column as the feature (a
continuous number from 0 to 1). The FFT in the time dimension after this could
really cleanly separate oscillations in the signal.

Wavelet transform: Variance b/t the same songs in different beetles. I.e.
difference in potential width between signals is hard. Lots of intra-class
variation.

Representation learning to determine the difference between the A and B signals.

Tim: Generate the FFT after the spectrogram as features, and feed them into the
NN. 

*Kayla*: Always put colorbars on images, esp. spectrograms.

Watch the FFT video.

Data augmentation: Spectrogram manipulation. Representation learning.

Concern: Different sampling rates. Audiofile -> spectrogram

Binning data into different row bins: Requires knowing how beetle chirps change
throughout conditions. 

Does our spectrogram use STFTs? (yes)

What percentage of an average A is background?
Nate labeled "interesting" background, not just any background.

Brush up on representation learning.
